docs: adapt Documentation with new docarray at center (#5941)
jina-ai/jina: docs/docarray-support.md

(docarray-support)=
# DocArray support

> Jina depends heavily on docarray to provide the data that is processed inside Jina Executors and send by our Clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jina depends heavily on DocArray to provide the data that is processed inside Jina Executors and sent by our Clients.
```

> Recently, docarray had a very big refactor when it released version 0.30. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, DocArray was heavily refactored for version 0.30. 
```

> From this version, the usage of DocArray changed drastically, however Jina can work seamlessly and automatically with any of the versions of Jina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from that version, DocArray usage  has changed drastically, however Jina can work seamlessly and automatically with any of the versions of Jina.
```

Jina will automatically detect the docarray version installed and use the corresponding methods and APIs. However, developers

> must have into account that some APIs and usage changes, specially when it comes to developing Executors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must take into account that some APIs and usages have changed, especially when it comes to developing Executors.
```
